yo what's up everybody it's amazing from
tgn i'm not sure if a lot of you know me
but if you do if you don't it doesn't
really matter first thing i want to do
is thank punish theater and seyla AKA
define rebel for putting out this promo
video for you guys to watch so without
further ado let's get into it like i
said my name is amazin i have a youtube
channel well i have multiple youtube
channel but my partner channel booty DN
is I I amazing amas ein like will be in
the description for you guys to check
out my channel um obviously this is a
call to before game I have not played
call duty 4 and so long but I was trying
to figure out the perfect video you know
for a promo video and recently I've been
recording a lot of RPGs and uh you know
story based games so I thought hey i'm
not sure if everybody likes that so you
know why not go for a shooting game and
I don't have modern warfare 3 anymore I
don't really like it as much as I like
modern warfare 2 and call duty 4 so
that's why I decided to play this and I
hope you guys enjoy I'm not really gonna
tell you the score you'll see that the
end but what I want to say is this is my
first game I just finished playing this
game literally 10 minutes ago it's my
first and only game that I played of
call of duty today specifically for the
promo vid and I have to say I did very
very well for my first game in months of
this a plane call duty 4 and to make it
even better I was playing on a tube our
connection I felt it be a little bit
laggy but I was like what the heck I'm
already in the game it seems like i'm
doing ok so i stayed in the game so
whatever my score is at the end it
should make it you know the video so
much sweeter because this is my first
game in months first and only game and
the connection is very laggy i'm not
trying to brag or anything i'm just
saying like I'm surprised I did so well
I mean I'm pretty good at this game like
i said is my favorite call duty and I
like playing this game but it's been a
while so I really hope you guys enjoy
the game okay so a little bit about my
channel I used to have a channel name
it's me Eli and that was basically for
Gears of War a long time ago I don't
know if anybody watches Gears of War
videos I used to have an xbox so I was
in Gears of War into gears of war a lot
I was in a clan name it's and a lot of
people that play gears of war Novak user
war know about the it's clan FY CN and
ace is like the two top clans and here's
a war as far as snipers ago its milkbone
was a leader and I was a co-leader but I
kept getting banned it suspended on xbox
so I had to give that away i was really
tired of it paying for it and so I got a
playstation and overall i have to say i
am happy about that I don't have to pay
the only thing it's lacking is you know
the party system but I could live
without it but yeah I'm happy I got a
playstation so anyways um about my
channel yeah so like I said I used to be
into gears of war and that's that
channel was basically for Gears of War
mostly and then I really started getting
into the YouTube scene trying to get
more subs more views make more different
types of videos and you know become a
partner and that and I had over a
hundred thousand views and about 2500 or
something like that subscribers and I
actually got partnered by tgn another
another company one of me but TGN was
probably better because they were more I
guess I could get more benefit benefits
from TGN that I would in the other
network so i won't be CGN but I waited
months and months and months and it
couldn't partner that channel because i
have because of the adsense situation so
what happened is i ended up making up
another channel and along with another
channel another PSN i guess you'd call
now doesn't have an xbox anymore so
that's why my new channels named I I
amazin X which is the name you're seeing
on screen right now except without the
spaces obviously and um basically that's
my new partner channel so if you go to
that channel you check it out and
subscribe
two or whatever like that you see the
views and subscribers that's why they're
kind of low right now because if it is a
new channel and basically TGN told me if
I want to get my channel partner that
have to make a new one so a lot of
people ask me how is my channel partner
you know with so many with not that many
subscribers and stuff like that and that
is the answer so yeah like I said check
it out if you want the things I do on my
channel I don't do blogs but I do make
commentaries I do make videos without
commentaries I try to mix it up a lot I
don't want to be a channel that only
puts out one thing I like to have my
subscribers enjoy multiple things so if
they don't like call duty videos that's
great you don't have to watch call duty
videos they can watch final fantasy or
max payne or sleeping dogs or something
as far as a story wise games go
sometimes i make commentary with them
sometimes I play the game and record it
without I find that people sometimes
like commentary and sometimes people
don't like commentary so I try to offer
you know variations to my videos so you
guys can enjoy I'm not in this for the
money I did not want to punish it for
the money yeah sure the money is great
but I'm not stalking get really getting
paid anyways I barely have any
subscribers or any views it would annoy
me so I really only wanted a banner
literally like everybody wants a banner
I wanted a partnership for a banner and
so yeah my dreams came true so I really
hope you guys enjoy check out my channel
I have a bunch of Let's Plays and a
bunch of call duty videos and ghost
recon and all that stuff like that how
you see the score was 32 and four with a
laggy connection i hope you enjoyed this
is amazing and I'm out